DESCRIPTION OF EACH FILE:

There are 8 files in this asignment folder.
BooleanOperator.py: defines and, or and not operator for list data structure.
Conversion.py: defines infix to postfix conversion of boolean expressions
ExtendedBinaryRetrieval.py: defines the extended binary retrieval model (phrase query with biword index).
InverseIndex.py: defines basic inverted indexing
Lemmatizer.py: defines tokenization and lemmatization of text
main.py: main program. This is where from where you can test this assignment.
Query.py: defines query processing (both normal and biword query processing)
README.md: this file
Stack.py: defines different operations of stack data structure
PositionalIndex.py: defines positional indexing
SoundexIndex.py: defines soundex indexing
Soundex.py: defines soundex algorithm

ExtendedBinaryRetrieval.py extends InverseIndex.py
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
FOLDERS:

Dataset/corpus for this assignment is present in the Dataset folder. posting_list.txt and biword_index.txt contain posting lists for single words and biwords respectively.

Indexes folder contains the indexes generated by the program. The indexes are stored in the 
form of a dictionary. The dictionary is stored in a text file.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
To test:
1) Question 1, 2(a) and 2(c): run main.py
3) Question 2(b): run PositionalIndex.py
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++